Fix BC Layer tests (#4435)
api-platform/core: docs/adr/0003-uri-variables.md

# URI Variables

* Status: accepted
* Deciders: @dunglas @soyuka

Implementation: [#4408][pull/4408]

## Context and Problem Statement

For reference see the previously implemented [Resource identifier](0001-resource-identifiers) ADR. 

> URI variables are the URI template (e.g. `/books/{id}`) variables (e.g. `id`). When defining alternate resources (see [Resource definition](0002-resource-definition)), we need more informations then only a property and a class. The tuple accepted in [Resource identifier](0001-resource-identifiers) is not enough. For example:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
URI variables are the URI template (e.g. `/books/{id}`) variables (e.g. `id`). When defining alternate resources (see [Resource definition](0002-resource-definition)), we need more information than only a property and a class. The tuple accepted in [Resource identifier](0001-resource-identifiers) is not enough. For example:
```

Author: thx fixed in https://github.com/api-platform/core/pull/4441
